Revert #39330 PR (#39682)
demisto/content: Packs/GmailSingleUser/ReleaseNotes/1_4_12.md

#### Integrations

##### Gmail Single User

> - Updated the Gmail Single User integration by reverting the changes introduced in version 1.4.11 that caused issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reverted changes introduced in version 1.4.11 to resolve issues related to the **fetch-incidents** command. This update restores functionality and stability.
```
